I didn’t clearly see the eunuch’s appearance.
But Consort Longfei targets me everywhere.
I’m afraid he would kill me to silence me.
I want to kill you to silence you?
You’re still here, kneeling intact.
Longfei,
Did you see the figure of that person clearly?
How tall were they?
Were they fat or thin?
The figure flashed by quickly.
I only saw the edge of the eunuch’s garment.
There are so many eunuchs in the palace.
What can a corner of clothing tell us?
Your Highness, are you trying to entertain us?
Maybe I saw it wrong.
Perhaps Sister Zhou did slip and fall to her death.
After all, Sister Zhou was in a bad mood when she left.
It’s not impossible.
Isn’t it said that Zhou Caixian slipped and fell into the water?
That’s not necessarily true.
As the fifth seat said,
There are no wounds on Zhou Caixian’s body.
If Zhou Caixian had slipped and fallen,
He would have had survival instincts.
Cuixin Lake has burrs in the middle of the lake,
And gold reeds along the shore.
Both are sharp and thorny.
How could there be no wounds at all?
There is only one possibility.
Zhou Caixian was knocked out,
And then thrown in.
I want to see
Which divine being
Dares to kill someone right under my nose.